# odin-landing-page

This project has a landing page that has 5 distinct sections. The first section is for the navigation bar and introductory content. At the top of the page, there is a navigation bar with a name on the left and 3 links to the right. Then there is the introductory content which includes a title, subtitle, and button on the left side with a large image on the right side. The second section has a title and 4 smaller images, each with captions underneath. The third section has a quote that is centered and in italics along with the speaker of the quote in a smaller font, bold, and aligned to the bottom right of the quote. The fourth section is a banner with a call to action and subtext on the left side and then a sign up button on the right side. The last section is a footer giving credit to the Odin Project for giving the project and the foundation necessary to complete the project.

This project incorporated HTML in regards to the boilerplate, various tags, making use of a font from Google, and also class specifiers to put the necessary content onto the page. The tags used included headers, links, parapgraphs, images, unordered lists, list element, buttons, and divs. To stylize the page, external CSS was used and then linked to the HTML file. The CSS used class selectors and then used basic CSS principles such as font-family, font-size, font-weight, height, width, color, background-color, margin, padding, max-width, border, and more. In addition, flexbox was used in order to properly layer and then arrange the content that was on the webpage to ressemble the final output that was in the image 01.png.